NasdaqGS:MSFT

Transcripts

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

Microsoft Corporation

FQ4 2022 Earnings Call

Tuesday, July 26, 2022 9:30 PM GMT

S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

  -FQ4 2022- -FQ1 2023-

  CONSENSUS ACTUAL SURPRISE CONSENSUS CONSENSUS

  EPS Normalized 2.29 2.23 (2.62 %) 2.47 9.36

  Revenue (mm) 52358.37 51865.00 (0.94 %) 51402.05 198562.05

Currency: USDConsensus as of Jul-26-2022 2:17 PM GMT

  - EPS NORMALIZED -

  CONSENSUS ACTUAL

  FQ1 2022 2.08 2.27

  FQ2 2022 2.32 2.48

  FQ3 2022 2.20 2.22

  FQ4 2022 2.29 2.23

COPYRIGHT

spglobal.com/marketintelligence

©

2022

S&P

Global

Market

Intelligence,

a

division

of

S&P

Global

Inc.

All

rights

reserved

  -FY 2022-

  ACTUAL

  9.21

  198270.00

  SURPRISE

  9.13 %

  6.90 %

  0.91 %

  (2.62 %)

  (1.60 %)

  (0.15 %)

  -FY 2023-

  10.62

225552.33

  1

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants
..................................................................................Presentation
..................................................................................Question
and Answer
..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT

spglobal.com/marketintelligence

©

2022

S&P

Global

Market

Intelligence,

a

division

of

S&P

Global

Inc.

All

rights

reserved

  3412

  2

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

  Call Participants

  EXECUTIVES

  Amy E. Hood

  Executive VP & CFO

  Brett Iversen

  General Manager of Investor Relations

  Satya Nadella

  Chairman & CEO

  ANALYSTS

  Aleksandr J. Zukin

  Wolfe Research, LLC

  Brent John Thill

  Jefferies LLC, Research Division

  Karl Emil Keirstead

  UBS Investment Bank, ResearchDivision

  Keith Weiss

  Morgan Stanley, Research Division

  Mark L. Moerdler

  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,Research Division

  Philip Alan Winslow

  Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

  Raimo Lenschow

  Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

  Stewart Kirk Materne

  Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,Research Division

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

Presentation

OperatorGreetings, and welcome to the Microsoft Fiscal Year 2022 Fourth
Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator

Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is
now my pleasure to introduce your host, Brett Iversen,Vice President of
Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.

Brett Iversen

General Manager of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me
are Satya Nadella, Chairman and Chief ExecutiveOfficer; Amy Hood, Chief
Financial Officer; Alice Jolla, Chief Accounting Officer; and Keith
Dolliver, Deputy GeneralCounsel.

On the Microsoft Investor Relations website, you can find our earnings
press release and financial summary slide deck,which is intended to
supplement our prepared remarks during today's call and provides a
reconciliation of differencesbetween GAAP and non-GAAP financial
measures.

Unless otherwise specified, we will refer to non-GAAP metrics on the
call. The non-GAAP financial measures providedshould not be considered
as a substitute for or superior to the measures of financial performance
prepared in accordancewith GAAP. They are included as additional
clarifying items to aid investors in further understanding the company's
fourthquarter performance in addition to the impact these items and
events have on the financial results.

All growth comparisons we make on the call today relate to the
corresponding period of last year, unless otherwise noted.We will also
provide growth rates in constant currency when available as a framework
for assessing how our underlyingbusinesses performed, excluding the
effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. Where growth rates are the
same inconstant currency, we will refer to the growth rate only.

We will post our prepared remarks to our website immediately following
the call until the complete transcript is available.Today's call is
being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be
included in our live transmission, in thetranscript and in any future
use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript on
the Microsoft InvestorRelations website.

During this call, we'll be making forward-looking statements, which are
predictions, projections or other statementsabout future events. These
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are
subject to risks anduncertainties. Actual results could materially
differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release
andthe comments made during this conference call and in the Risk Factors
section of our Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q and otherreports and filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to
update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I'll turn the call
over to Satya.

Satya Nadella

Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Brett. Amid this macroeconomic environment, the Microsoft
Cloud surpassed $25 billion in quarterly revenuefor the first time, up
28% and 33% in constant currency. When I talk with customers, it's clear
there is a real opportunity tohelp organizations in every industry use
digital technology to overcome today's challenges and emerge stronger.

In this environment, we are focused on 3 things: first, no company is
better positioned than Microsoft to help organizationsdeliver on their
digital imperative so that they can do more with less. From
infrastructure and data to business applicationsand hybrid work, we
provide unique differentiated value to our customers. Second, we will
invest to take share and buildnew businesses and categories where we
have long-term structural advantage. Lastly, we will manage through this
periodwith an intense focus on prioritization and executional excellence
in our own operations to drive operational leverage.

With that, let me highlight our progress, starting with Azure.
Organizations in every industry continue to choose our cloudto align
their IT investments with demand. We are seeing larger and longer-term
commitments and won a record numberof $100 million-plus and $1
billion-plus deals this quarter. We have more data center regions than
any other provider, andwe will launch 10 regions over the next year.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

Our new Microsoft Cloud for Sovereignty helps public sector customers
meet urgent compliance, security and privacyrequirements. With Azure
Arc, we are meeting customers where they are enabling companies like GM,
Gregg, UBS andUniper to run applications across on-prem edge and
multi-cloud environments. We are seeing more customers move
theirmission-critical workloads to Azure.

American Airlines, for example, chose our cloud to run its key
operational workloads, including its data warehouse. AndTelstra will
move its internal IT workloads to Azure. And we are the platform of
choice for SAP apps on the cloud. Leadersin every industry, including
Kraft Heinz, Fujitsu and Unilever have migrated ERP workloads to Azure.
Just last week,we announced a new service to accelerate adoption of
Oracle workloads on Azure. We are the only public cloud withsimplified
direct access to Oracle databases running in the Oracle Cloud.

Now on to data and AI. With our Microsoft Intelligent Data Platform, we
provide a complete data fabric spanningoperational databases, analytics
and governance, helping customers focus on creating value instead of
integratingfragmented data estate. More than 65% of the Fortune 1000 use
3 or more of our data solutions, and we are growingfaster than the
market. We are seeing leaders in every industry from LaLiga and Lenovo
to Swiss Re and Walgreensunify their data using our tools. Cosmos DB is
the go-to database powering the world's most demanding
mission-criticalworkloads at any scale. Transactions in data volume
increased over 100% year-over-year for the fourth quarter in a row.

When it comes to AI, we are seeing a paradigm shift as the world's large
AI models become powerful platformsthemselves. With our Azure OpenAI
service, a diverse set of customers from HSBC, PwC and RTL Group to
Shell andWipro are applying language models to advanced scenarios like
content and code generation.

Now on to developer tools. We have the most popular developer tools
across any cloud and any platform. Leaders inevery industry from Ahold
Delhaize to KPMG to Philips are all choosing GitHub to build software.
GitHub Copilot is thefirst-of-its-kind AI pair programmer, which helps
developers write better code faster. More than 400,000 people
havesubscribed since we made it generally available a month ago.

And with our expanding portfolio of container services, organizations
like H&M can build modern, more resilient cloud-native applications. All
up, revenue from Azure container services increased by triple digits.

Now on to Power Platform. With Power Platform, we are helping domain
experts rapidly drive productivity gains at a timewhen it's never been
more important. We now have nearly 25 million monthly active users, and
we are innovating to makeit even easier for teams of pro and citizen
developers to build end-to-end business solutions together. AB InBev,
ARM,Equinor, Toyota, Vodafone and Zurich Insurance have all built
centers of excellence to train employees at scale on howto use Power
Platform. PG&E, for example, expects to save at least 720,000 hours by
eliminating redundant and manualprocesses across employee workflows.

Now on to Dynamics 365. We are helping organizations digitize their
customer experience, service, finance and supplychain functions as we
continue to outgrow the market in every category. Our new Microsoft
Digital Contact CenterPlatform brings together Dynamics 365, Microsoft
Teams as well as enterprise AI capabilities from Nuance to helpcustomers
like HP deliver omnichannel customer engagement.

And new integrations between Dynamics 365 and Intelligent Order
Management and Teams help people collaboratein the flow of work to
overcome supply chain disruptions. We are winning customers as we help
organizations addresstheir most pressing challenges. Peet's Coffee is
modernizing its supply chain with our business applications. Carlsberg
isstandardizing its field service and customer service operations. And
Visa switched to Dynamics 365 for both its sales andcall center
organizations.

When it comes to our industry and cross-industry clouds, we are seeing
strong adoption as we take a platform-drivenapproach to help
organizations deliver on their digital imperative. For example,
Microsoft Cloud for Healthcare, inclusive ofNuance, is becoming the
platform of choice for companies across the health care value chain,
looking to drive meaningfulclinical and financial outcomes. Whether it's
a provider modernizing care delivery, a health plan transforming the
memberexperience or a retailer expanding into health services, having a
technology partner that is truly dedicated to empoweringtheir success is
a significant differentiator for us. Intermountain Healthcare, for
example, chose the Cloud for Healthcareas well as Nuance's DAX Ambient
Intelligence solution as the pillar of its new digital strategy.

Now on to Microsoft 365 and Teams. In this economic environment, every
organization is looking to support employeeflexibility and improve
productivity. Hybrid work is now just work, and it's imperative that
organizations reconnect andreengage the workforce at home, in the office
and everywhere in between. To do this, companies need a digital fabric

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

that connects employees as well as customers and partners wherever and
whenever they work while reducing cost andcomplexity.

We are all in on Teams. Over the past year, we've introduced more than
450 capabilities to empower frontline andknowledge workers to
collaborate synchronously and asynchronously as well as remote and
in-person. Teams is takingshare across every category from collaboration
to chat to meetings to calling and seeing higher usage intensity
ascompanies turn to the platform to accelerate their digital
transformation and orchestrate all their business process in theflow of
work.

ISVs from Adobe to Workday have built deep integrations with Teams. And
more than 100,000 companies, includingJohnson & Johnson, Lumen
Technologies and Progressive Insurance have deployed custom line of
business applicationsin Teams. All up, the number of third-party and LOB
apps with active usage increased by 40% year-over-year.

Teams Phone is the market leader in cloud calling across VoIP and PSTN.
We now have over 12 million PSTN users,nearly double the number a year
ago. And Teams Rooms bridges the gap between people working remotely and
thosein the office with innovations like AI-powered cameras. More than
60% of the Fortune 500 have chosen Teams Rooms toconnect employees
across the hybrid workplace.

We're also building a completely new suite with Microsoft Viva, as we
create a new employee experience category. Thisis both a priority for
our customers and an expansive and high-growth TAM for us. 25% of the
Fortune 500 already useViva as organizations increasingly recognize that
employee experience and well-being are essential to their
productivity.We have seen broad adoption across segments and industries
from Commonwealth Bank, Fidelity Investments andMastercard to
AstraZeneca and Schlumberger. And this innovation is driving revenue
growth across Microsoft 365. Asahi,Expedia Group and Qualcomm all chose
our premium offerings to transform how employees work. E5 seats
increasedmore than 60% year-over-year.

Now on to Windows. With Windows, we are putting people at the center to
help them securely work, connect andplay. Despite a changing market for
PCs during the quarter, we continue to see more PCs shipped than pre
pandemicand are taking share. And we are seeing higher monthly usage of
Windows 11 applications with increased time spentacross creative work,
collaboration, gaming, media and writing code as people rely on the PC
for its unique productivitycapabilities, rich interactive experiences
and to stay connected.

We are transforming how Windows is experienced and managed with Azure
Virtual Desktop and Windows 365. AzureVirtual Desktop monthly active
usage increased nearly 60% year-over-year. One year in, we are seeing
strong adoptionof Windows 365 from organizations in every industry from
Hamburg Commercial Bank and Kyndryl to LEGO Group andSchroders as they
use cloud PCs to rapidly onboard new and temporary employees and speed
M&A integration whilereducing IT costs.

Now on to security. As the rate and pace of threats continue to
accelerate, security is the top priority for everyorganization. We
provide comprehensive solutions that integrate more than 50 categories
informed by more than 43trillion signals each day, reducing cost and
complexity. We're taking share across all major categories we serve. All
up,our security revenue increased 40%. We are the only cloud provider
with protection for the top 3 cloud platforms, and weare seeing more and
more customers turn to us to protect their multi-cloud, multi-platform
infrastructure. Pearson VUEand Vodafone both chose our security stack to
protect their digital estate across clouds.

And we're going further to help protect organizations. Our new Entra
product family includes tools for permissionsmanagement, identity
governance and identity verification. And we now offer managed threat
detection and response withMicrosoft Security Experts, the world's
largest hedge fund, Bridgewater Associates, for example, will use the
service tosupplement its own security operations.

Now on to LinkedIn. We once again saw record engagement among the more
than 850 million members, a testament tohow mission-critical the
platform is to connect job seekers with jobs, learners with skills and
marketeers with buyers. Weare seeing job candidates and employers alike
prioritize skills to more efficiently find and source work. More than
40% ofthe companies on LinkedIn now rely on skills filters to identify
candidates.

LinkedIn Talent Solutions surpassed $6 billion in revenue over the past
12 months, up 39% year-over-year. And LinkedInMarketing Solutions
surpassed $5 billion in annual revenue for the first time. We are a
leader in B2B digital advertising,and we continue to see customers
choose us for higher reach and ROI. More broadly, despite the current
headwinds inthe ad market, we are expanding our opportunity in
advertising as we look towards the long term.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

We are creating a new monetization engine for the web, an alternative
that offers marketeers and publishers morelong-term viable ad solutions
and supports consumer privacy and strong data governance. It starts with
our first-partyInternet experiences. We are focused on increasing our
share and engagement across Edge, Bing and our personalizedcontent feed,
Microsoft Start. Daily content consumption across Start in categories
like news, weather, finance and sportsincreased 80% since we launched
the service 1 year ago.

And Edge continues to gain share as consumers use it to save money with
our built-in coupon and price comparisonfeatures. Our approach extends
to our third-party ad network. We closed our acquisition of Xandr last
month and nowpower one of the world's largest marketplaces for premium
advertising. With Microsoft advertising, every media andconsumer
Internet company now has a trusted platform for their own ad innovation
and monetization.

Just 2 weeks ago, Netflix chose us as its exclusive technology and sales
partner for its first ad-supported subscriptionoffering, a validation of
the differentiated value we provide to any publisher looking for a
flexible partner willing to build andinnovate with them. And with
PromoteIQ, we are providing a platform for retailers like Home Depot,
Kohl's and Kroger tobuild their own digital commerce and marketing
channels. This quarter, Sephora chose our solution to help build a
newadvertising revenue stream while maintaining ownership of their own
data and customer relationships.

Now on to gaming. We offer the best value in the gaming industry. Our
Xbox Game Pass subscription service includesaccess to hundreds of games,
and Xbox Series S is the most affordable next-generation console. We
sold more consoleslive to date than any previous generation of Xbox and
have been the market leader in North America for 3 quarters in arow
amongst next-gen consoles. And with Xbox Cloud Gaming, we are bringing
games to new endpoints. Players nowcan stream Xbox games on Samsung
Smart TVs. And we partnered with Epic Games to make Fortnite available
for freevia the browser. Over 4 million people have streamed the game to
date, including over 1 million who were new to ourecosystem.

In closing, we are investing in sharpening our focus to help our
customers during this critical moment and to capture themassive
technological shifts underway. Our portfolio of best-of-category
products and best-of-suite solutions, along withour durable business
models and intense focus on prioritization and executional excellence,
make me confident about ouropportunity ahead in the coming year. With
that, I'll hand it over to Amy.

Amy E. Hood

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Satya, and good afternoon, everyone. This quarter, revenue
was $51.9 billion, up 12% and 16% in constantcurrency. Earnings per
share was $2.23 and increased 3% and 8% in constant currency. I'd like
to start by discussing theimpact of the macroeconomic environment on our
results this quarter.

First, FX. The U.S. dollar strengthened throughout the quarter, creating
an additional headwind beyond what we sharedmid-quarter. As a result,
for the full quarter, revenue and EPS were negatively impacted by $595
million and $0.04 pershare, beyond our expectations shared in April.

Next, extended production shutdowns in China that continued through May
and a deteriorating PC market in Junecontributed to a negative Windows
OEM revenue impact of more than $300 million. And finally, reductions in
advertisingspend impacted LinkedIn Marketing Solutions and search and
news advertising revenue by more than $100 million. Inour consumer
business, despite those macro challenges, we drove another quarter of
share gains for Windows in the PCmarket and for Edge in browsers.

In our commercial business, Q4 was the largest quarter ever for
long-term commitments to our platform. And as you heardfrom Satya, we
saw share gains in areas such as Data and AI, Dynamics, Teams and
Security. Against a strong prioryear comparable, commercial bookings
increased 25% and 35% in constant currency, significantly ahead of
expectations.Our record commitment quarter was driven by increases in
the number of $100 million-plus Azure and $10 million-plusMicrosoft 365
contracts as well as consistent strong execution across our core annuity
sales motions.

Commercial remaining performance obligation increased 34% and 37% in
constant currency to $189 billion, roughly45% will be recognized in
revenue in the next 12 months, up 28% year-over-year. The remaining
portion which will berecognized beyond the next 12 months, increased 39%
year-over-year, and our acuity mix increased 1 point year-over-year to
96%. Microsoft Cloud revenue was $25 billion and grew 28% and 33% in
constant currency. Microsoft Cloudgross margin percentage decreased
slightly year-over-year to 69%. Excluding the impact from the change in
accounting

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

estimate for useful lives, Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage
increased roughly 1 point, driven by improvementacross our cloud
services, partially offset by sales mix shift to Azure.

Now back to total company level. As noted earlier, FX decreased total
company revenue by 4 points, 2 points unfavorableto expectations.
Additionally, FX decreased COGS and operating expense growth by 2
points, 1 point favorable toexpectations. Gross margin dollars increased
10% and 15% in constant currency, and gross margin percentagedecreased
year-over-year to 68%. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting
estimate and FX, gross marginpercentage increased slightly as the
improvement in cloud services noted earlier was partially offset by
sales mix shift tocloud.

Operating expense increased 14% and 16% in constant currency, driven by
increased investments in cloud engineering,LinkedIn and Nuance. OpEx
growth included roughly 2 points from the decision to scale down
operations in Russia,employee severance and the impact from the Xandr
acquisition, which closed in June. At a total company level,headcount
grew 22% year-over-year as we continued to invest in key areas such as
cloud engineering, LinkedIn, salesand customer deployment, and included
roughly 6 points of growth from the Nuance and Xandr acquisitions.

Operating income increased 8% and 14% in constant currency, and
operating margins decreased year-over-year to 40%.Excluding the impact
of the change in accounting estimate and FX, operating margins were
relatively unchanged as theimprovement in cloud services noted earlier
and sales mix shift to higher-margin businesses were offset by the
impact ofthe Nuance acquisition.

Now to our segment results. Revenue from Productivity and Business
Processes was $16.6 billion and grew 13% and17% in constant currency. FX
decreased segment revenue $159 million more than expected. When
adjusting for theadditional FX headwind, overall segment results were in
line with expectations. Office commercial revenue grew 9% and13% in
constant currency. Office 365 commercial revenue increased 15% and 19%
in constant currency, in line withexpectations, driven by installed base
expansion across all workloads and customer segments as well as higher
ARPUfrom continued momentum in E5.

Paid Office 365 commercial seats grew 14% year-over-year, driven by our
small and medium business and frontlineworker offerings, although growth
was impacted by some moderation in new deal volume outside of E5,
particularly in thesmall and medium business customer segment. Demand
for security, compliance and voice value in Microsoft 365 drovestrong E5
momentum again this quarter. E5 now accounts for 12% of our Office 365
commercial installed base.

Office commercial licensing was down 32% and 28% in constant currency,
lower than expected, driven primarily by alower mix of contracts with
higher in-period revenue recognition. Office consumer revenue grew 9%
and 12% in constantcurrency, in line with expectations, driven by
continued momentum in Microsoft 365 subscriptions, which grew 15% to59.7
million.

Dynamics revenue grew 19% and 24% in constant currency, driven by
Dynamics 365, which grew 31% and 36% inconstant currency, slightly below
expectations due to lower-than-expected growth in new business even as
our cloudgrowth continues to outpace the market. LinkedIn revenue
increased 26% and 29% in constant currency, lower thanexpected as
Marketing Solutions was impacted by the slowdown of advertising spend
noted earlier. And Talent Solutionswas impacted by weaker online job
posts late in the quarter.

Segment gross margin dollars increased 12% and 17% in constant currency,
and gross margin percentage decreasedslightly year-over-year. Excluding
the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage
increasedroughly 1 point, driven by improvement across all cloud
services. Operating expense increased 12% and 14% in constantcurrency,
and operating income increased 12% and 19% in constant currency.

Next, the Intelligent Cloud segment. Revenue was $20.9 billion,
increasing 20% and 25% in constant currency. FXdecreased segment revenue
$309 million, more than expected. Excluding the additional FX headwind,
segment resultswere in line with expectations. Overall, server products
and cloud services revenue increased 22% and 26% in constantcurrency.
Azure and other cloud services revenue grew 40% and 46% in constant
currency, about 1 point lower thanexpected, driven by a slight
moderation in Azure consumption growth across customer segments.

In our per user business, the Enterprise Mobility and Security installed
base grew 21% to over 230 million seats, withsome impact from the small
and medium business deal moderation noted earlier. In our on-premises
server business,revenue decreased 2% and increased 1% in constant
currency, ahead of expectations, driven by a greater-than-expectednumber
of contracts with higher in-period revenue recognition.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

Enterprise Services revenue grew 5% and 8% in constant currency, lower
than expected, driven by declines in MicrosoftConsulting Services.
Segment gross margin dollars increased 15% and 19% in constant currency,
and gross marginpercentage decreased roughly 3 points year-over-year.
Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, grossmargin
percentage declined roughly 2 points, driven by sales mix shift to
Azure, partially offset by improvements in Azuremargins. Operating
expenses increased 20% and 22% in constant currency, including roughly 7
points of impact fromNuance. And operating income grew 11% and 18% in
constant currency.

Now to More Personal Computing. Revenue was $14.4 billion, increasing 2%
and 5% in constant currency. FX decreasedsegment revenue $127 million
more than expected. Excluding the additional FX headwind, segment
results were belowour guidance range, driven by the PC and ad trends
mentioned earlier. Windows OEM revenue decreased 2% year-over-year.
Despite the deteriorating PC market, we saw share gains again this
quarter and volumes remained above pre-pandemic levels.

Windows commercial products and cloud services revenue grew 6% and 12%
in constant currency, lower than expecteddue to some impact from the
small and medium business deal moderation noted earlier. Surface revenue
grew 10% and15% in constant currency, driven by commercial sales.

Search and news advertising revenue ex TAC increased 18% and 21% in
constant currency, lower than expected, drivenby the slowdown in
advertising spend noted earlier, partially offset by the inclusion of 3
weeks of results from Xandr.

And in gaming, revenue declined 7% and 5% in constant currency, in line
with expectations. Xbox hardware revenuedeclined 11% and 8% in constant
currency. Xbox content and services revenue declined 6% and 4% in
constant currency,driven by lower engagement hours and monetization in
third-party and first-party content, partially offset by growth in
XboxGame Pass subscriptions.

Segment gross margin dollars were relatively unchanged and increased 4%
in constant currency, and gross marginpercentage decreased roughly 1
point year-over-year, driven by increased usage of Windows Commercial
cloud services.Operating expenses increased 8% and 10% in constant
currency, and operating income decreased 5% and was relativelyunchanged
in constant currency.

Now back to total company results. Capital expenditures, including
finance leases, were $8.7 billion, in line withexpectations. Cash paid
for PP&E was $6.9 billion. Our data center investments continue to be
based on significantcustomer demand and usage signals. Cash flow from
operations was $24.6 billion, increasing 8%, driven by strong
cloudbillings and collections. Free cash flow was $17.8 billion, up 9%
year-over-year.

This quarter, other income and expense was negative $47 million,
primarily driven by net losses on investments, includingmark-to-market
losses on our equity portfolio. Equity market declines drove net
investment losses this quarter comparedto net investment gains last
year, resulting in a negative 3-point impact on EPS growth.

Our effective tax rate was approximately 18%. And finally, we returned
$12.4 billion to shareholders, up 19% year-over-year through share
repurchases and dividends, bringing our total cash returned to
shareholders to over $46 billion for thefull fiscal year.

Now moving to our outlook. My commentary for both the full year and next
quarter does not include any impact fromActivision, which we still
expect to close by the end of the fiscal year. Let me start with some
full year commentary for FY'23. First, effective at the start of FY '23,
we are extending the depreciable useful life for server and network
equipmentassets in our cloud infrastructure from 4 to 6 years, which
will apply to the asset balances on our balance sheet as of June30,
2022, as well as future asset purchases.

Investments in our software that increased efficiencies in how we
operate our server and network equipment as wellas advances in
technology have resulted in lives extending beyond historical accounting
useful lives. This change onlyimpacts the timing of depreciation expense
in the future for these assets.

As a result, based on the outstanding balances as of June 30, we expect
fiscal year '23 operating income to be favorablyimpacted by
approximately $3.7 billion for the full fiscal year and approximately
$1.1 billion in the first quarter. This hasbeen included in the guidance
we will provide on today's call. Additional details on the mechanics of
the change are in ourearnings materials.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

Second, on FX. Assuming current rates remain stable, we expect a roughly
4-point impact to full year revenue growth withheadwinds in H1 greater
than in H2. FX should also decrease COGS and operating expense growth by
2 points.

Now to our full year business outlook based on the current macro
environment. At every level of the company, wemanage performance on a
constant currency basis, as we have for many years. Therefore, with the
FX volatility we haveseen, I will comment on full year in constant
currency and in U.S. dollars. We continue to expect double-digit
revenueand operating income growth in both constant currency and U.S.
dollars. Revenue growth will be driven by continuedmomentum in our
commercial business and a focus on share gains across our portfolio.

Operating expense growth will be significant early in FY '23 and will
moderate materially over the course of the year aswe slow the rate of
hiring to focus on key growth areas, increase the productivity of prior
year headcount investments andanniversary the Nuance and Xandr
acquisitions. And even with this significant level of investment in our
future, we expectoperating margins based on constant currency to be
approximately flat year-over-year in FY '23, excluding the benefitfrom
the latest change in useful life. And in U.S. dollars, we expect FY '23
full year margins to be roughly flat as the usefullife benefit is mostly
offset by the FX headwind mentioned earlier. And finally, we expect our
FY '23 effective tax rate to beroughly 19%.

Now to the outlook for the first quarter, which unless specifically
noted otherwise, is on a U.S. dollar basis. First, FX. Withthe stronger
U.S. dollar and based on current rates, we expect FX to decrease total
revenue growth by approximately5 points and to decrease total COGS and
operating expense growth by approximately 3 points. Within the
segments,we anticipate roughly 6 points of negative FX impact on revenue
growth in Productivity and Business Processes andIntelligent Cloud and 3
points in More Personal Computing.

Overall, our outlook has the trends we saw in June continue through Q1.
Continued weakness in the PC market demandand advertising spend will
impact Windows OEM, Surface, LinkedIn and Search and news advertising
revenue. Ourdifferentiated market position, customer demand across our
solution portfolio and consistent execution across theMicrosoft Cloud
should drive another strong quarter of revenue and share growth,
although we expect to continue to seegrowth moderation in our small- and
medium-sized business segment.

In commercial bookings, strong execution across our core annuity sales
motions and increased commitment to ourplatform should drive healthy
growth on a flat expiry base. As a reminder, the growing mix of larger
long-term Azurecontracts, which are more unpredictable in their timing,
always drive increased quarterly volatility in our bookings growthrate.

Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage should be up roughly 2 points
year-over-year, driven by the latest accountingestimate change noted
earlier. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, Q1
gross margin percentagewill decrease roughly 1 point, driven by revenue
mix shift to Azure and the impact from the Nuance acquisition,
partiallyoffset by continued margin improvement in Azure. In capital
expenditures, we expect a sequential decrease on a dollarbasis, with
normal quarterly spend variability and the timing of our cloud
infrastructure build-out.

Next to segment guidance. In Productivity and Business Processes, we
expect revenue to grow between 12% and 14%in constant currency or USD
15.95 billion to USD 16.25 billion. In Office Commercial, revenue growth
will again be drivenby Office 365 with seat growth across customer
segments and ARPU growth through E5. We expect Office 365 revenuegrowth
to be sequentially lower by roughly 2 points on a constant currency
basis with a bit more FX impact on U.S. dollargrowth than at the segment
level.

In our on-premises business, on a prior year comparable, which benefited
from contracts with higher in-period revenuerecognition, we expect
revenue to decline in the mid- to high 30s. In Office consumer, we
expect revenue to grow in thelow to mid-single digits, driven by
Microsoft 365 subscriptions.

For LinkedIn, we expect continued strong engagement on the platform,
although results will be impacted by the slowdownin advertising spend
and hiring, resulting in low to mid-teens rev growth. And in Dynamics,
we expect revenue growth inthe mid- to high teens, driven by share
growth in Dynamics 365.

For Intelligent Cloud, we expect revenue to grow between 25% and 27% in
constant currency or USD 20.3 billion to USD20.6 billion. Revenue will
continue to be driven by Azure, which, as a reminder, can have quarterly
variability primarilyfrom our per-user business and from in-period
revenue recognition, depending on the mix of contracts.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

We expect Azure revenue growth to be sequentially lower by roughly 3
points on a constant currency basis. Azurerevenue will continue to be
driven by strong growth in consumption, and our per-user business should
continue to benefitfrom Microsoft 365 suite momentum, although we expect
moderation in growth rates, given the size of the installed base.

In our on-premises server business, we expect revenue to decline low
single digits, driven by strong demand for ourhybrid offerings offset by
the prior year comparable, which included benefit from contracts with
higher in-period revenuerecognition. At Enterprise Services, we expect
revenue growth to be in the low single digits, driven by enterprise
support,partially offset by declines in Microsoft Consulting Services.
In More Personal Computing, we expect revenue to growbetween 1% and 4%
in constant currency or USD 13 billion to USD 13.4 billion.

In Windows OEM, we expect revenue to decline in the high single digits.
Excluding the impact from the Windows 11revenue deferral last year,
revenue would decline mid-teens, reflecting continued weakness in the PC
market. In WindowsCommercial products and cloud services, customer
demand for Microsoft 365 and our advanced security solutions shoulddrive
growth in the high single digits.

In Surface, revenue should decline in the low single digits. Search and
news advertising ex TAC should grow in the mid-to high teens, roughly 10
points faster than the overall Search and news advertising revenue,
driven by growing first-partyrevenue and the inclusion of Xandr. And in
Gaming, we expect revenue to decline in the low to mid-single digits,
driven bydeclines in first-party content, partially offset by growth in
Game Pass subscribers and consoles. We expect Xbox contentand services
revenue to decline in the low to mid-single digits.

Now back to company guidance. We expect COGS to grow between 12% and 14%
in constant currency or to be betweenUSD 14.9 billion and USD 15.1
billion and operating expense to grow between 19% and 20% in constant
currency or tobe between USD 13.3 billion and USD 13.4 billion. Total
company headcount is expected to continue to grow, with 11,000hires
expected to start in Q1, primarily in cloud engineering, LinkedIn,
customer deployment and commercial sales.

In other income and expense, interest income and expense should offset
each other. As a reminder, we are required torecognize mark-to-market
gains or losses on our equity portfolio, which can increase quarterly
volatility. And we expectour Q1 effective tax rate to be approximately
19%.

Finally, as a reminder on Q1 cash flow, we will be making $3.2 billion
of tax payments related to the TCJA transitiontax and the transfer of
intangible property completed in Q1 of FY '22. In closing, we continue
to see strong demand forour products and services and increased
commitment to our platform as we remain focused on delivering
compellingcustomer value in this dynamic environment, resulting in
continued share gains. As we manage through this period, wewill continue
to invest in future growth while maintaining intense focus on
operational excellence and execution discipline.With that, let's go to
Q&A, Brett.

Brett Iversen

General Manager of Investor Relations

Thanks, Amy. We'll now move over to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Jesse,
can you please repeat your instructions?

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

Question and Answer

Operator[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Keith
Weiss with Morgan Stanley.

Keith Weiss

Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Very impressive results in a very difficult environment that we're all
dealing with, particularly when it comes to thosecommercial cloud
bookings. And that's where my question lies. You talked about the
largest-ever number of big dealsthat you guys were able to sign in Q4.
Typically, we think this type of environment is -- it makes it harder to
sign those bigdeals.

Can you talk to us a little bit about how you got that done? Was the
consolidating impact that Microsoft brings to themarket the price
performance? And maybe the macro, is that actually a benefit for you
guys to close these deals in thistype of environment? Or was it just
kind of a typical Q4 end-of-year kind of budget flush kind of thing for
you guys? And itwas absent of the environment or not really related to
the environment?

Satya Nadella

Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Keith, for the question. It was a record even for us, even
with the context of Q4. So there's obviouslysomething going on in the
macro environment, which does feel that it does play to our strength.
There are 2 things at leastI've observed. One is the -- whether the
bookings number or the Mac deals and the size of the Mac deals and the
numberof them, I think, speak to very much what we have been talking
about for a long time now, which is as a percentage ofGDP, IT spend is
going to increase because every business is trying to fortify itself
with digital tech to, in some sense,navigate this macro environment. So
that, I think, is probably what is reflected in those numbers.

And then the second aspect is also what you just referenced, which is,
we do have every layer of the tech stack, right,whether it's infra,
data, hybrid work, security, even Power Platform. In each one of these,
we do have this best-of-suitevalue, which includes best-of-category
products. And that is leading to share gains. So if you want to bet on a
vendor ona long-term basis where you have that best-of-suite value and
then you're able to sort of consume it on your terms, I thinkthat,
that's effectively what some of those numbers are indicative of.

OperatorOur next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with
Bernstein Research.

Mark L. Moerdler

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter. I'd like to follow up a little bit on
that. With all the concerns about macro and recession,everyone is trying
to understand how cloud and for Microsoft's case, more specifically,
IaaS, PaaS offerings andthis slowdown in recession, how do you think
about Azure's resiliency? How do you think about Azure's exposure
toadvertising business, consumer Internet and SMB if we do see a real
recession?

Satya Nadella

Chairman & CEO

Yes. Maybe I'll start, and Amy, feel free to add. I mean, overall, we're
not immune to what's happening in the macrobroadly, right? To Keith's
question and your question, Mark, I think I'd say I'd start there
because whether it's on thedemand side with consumers or SMBs, I think
Amy in her remarks talked about some of that even in our results in
thequarter.

But what's happening with -- in Azure though, is in some sense,
businesses trying to deal with the overall macroeconomicsituation and
doing -- trying to make sure that they can do more with less. So for
example, moving to the cloud is the bestway to shape your spend with
demand uncertainty, right? Because -- and in fact, if anything, one of
the things that we'reseeing is an increased shift towards the cloud.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

And then, of course, optimizing your bill. We are incenting even our own
field to ensure that the bills for our customerscome down. And that, in
fact, even shows up in some of the volatility in our Azure numbers
because that's one of the bigbenefits of the public cloud. And that's
why I think coming out of this macroeconomic crisis, the public cloud
will be even abigger winner because it does act as that deflationary
force.

So that's sort of what we are seeing in the Azure numbers. We will be
exposed to consumer-driven businesses andSMBs. But at some level, our
strength as a company is much stronger in the core commercial. So I
think that we'll do finethere. The other one is also people building new
applications at a completely new frontier.

I mean there are 2 numbers that I talked about. One is the triple-digit
growth in Cosmos DB and triple-digit growth incontainer app services.
You take those 2 things and you say, what are people doing? People are
writing applications at acompletely different frontier of efficiency,
which is cloud-native serverless container-based types of applications.
And so tome, that's one of the way for you to make sure that your IT
spend goes a long way in a time like this.

OperatorOur next question is coming from the line of Brent Thill with
Jefferies.

Brent John Thill

Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Amy, great to hear the double-digit guidance. I guess many are asking,
are you embedding a worsening macroenvironment or a similar environment
that we're in to get to that type of growth?

Amy E. Hood

Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Brent. As I said, it's trying to take into account the current
macro environment. And as I said, I took what we sawin June, applied it
as best we thought we could through the course of the fiscal year. And
if you think about how the -- andif you try to look over the course of
the year with some of my comments, you'd say, okay, in H1 versus H2, I
would pointout 3 things that changed a bit over the course of that time.

First, of course, if we're talking about USD would be FX, it's a bigger
headwind in H1, it's less of a headwind in H2. Thesecond thing I would
point to would be OpEx. As we've talked about in H1, we've obviously
added 22% headcount thisquarter. We still have 11,000 hires that we have
starting in Q1. We've still got Nuance and Xandr in acquisitions, and
weanniversary a lot of that as we focus our hiring and focus on the
productivity of all of the hiring we've done over the pastyear.

And then the OEM comparables obviously get a lot different when you get
from H1 into H2. And so as you're trying tothink about the shape and how
did I consider it, I sort of took those things into account, thought
about the trends we'vebeen seeing in June and applied them as best we
can.

OperatorOur next question is coming from the line of Karl Keirstead with
UBS.

Karl Emil Keirstead

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I'd love to probe a little bit more on Azure. Amy, you and Satya talked
about very robust large new deal activity. I thoughtyour guidance for
Azure constant currency growth in the September quarter of a 3-point
decel to 43 is fairly solid. But youdid mention that in the June
quarter, you experienced a little bit of consumption softness. Do you
mind explaining whatthat was? And when you put all this together, how
you're feeling about the Azure business in the next couple of quarters
interms of the slope of the likely deceleration?

Amy E. Hood

Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Karl. Maybe I'll start, and then, Satya, you obviously should
add on to the commentary. I would point you, Karl,really to some of the
things Satya mentioned, which is, and we said in our comments, we did
see some deceleration, a

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

point a little more than we had expected in the consumption side through
the course of Q4. It really applied across allcustomer segments and, in
general, applied across geographies.

You saw customers, as Satya discussed, much like they always do, focus
on optimization and continuing to thinkabout which new workflows to
prioritize and start. We've really taken that frame and applied it as we
thought to H1 andspecifically to Q1 in that guidance. It does assume
continued consumption deceleration of 3 points quarter-to-quarter.
Istill feel very good about the patterns we're seeing. I feel good about
the workloads that Satya mentioned and where wefeel like we can take
some share.

But at the same time, we really are focused on taking the agreements
that we signed in Q4, making sure we're workingwith the customers on
deployment, projects that have quick time to value, investing to make
sure they're starting theprojects that can save them money, that can
help them innovate. And I think that's probably our larger focus rather
thanjust the pure consumption number.

OperatorOur next question is coming from the line of Raimo Lenschow with
Barclays.

Raimo Lenschow

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Along those lines on the customers kind of having slightly different
spending priorities as they kind of try to maneuver thisenvironment, can
you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in Office because,
obviously, with Office E5, you'reoffering a much more comprehensive
solution that is kind of getting very, very competitive on several
aspects? What areyou seeing there in terms of your willingness to -- of
customers to kind of use this time to kind of consolidate further?

Satya Nadella

Chairman & CEO

Yes. Maybe I'll just start and Amy, you can add. I mean the 2 numbers
that our usage -- user growth numbers, right, the14% growth in the
number of seats of Microsoft 365 and then the E5 growth of 60%, I think,
speak to, again, that best-to-suite value in the core and in E5. So
we're very, very competitive on both of those. And that's what you're
seeing in thatseat growth.

Amy E. Hood

Executive VP & CFO

And I think where I would point to maybe, just to add a little bit. As
you can see, I do think we've been building momentumreally with E5.
There's so much value and we've added and continue to add value to the
E5 suite. And as that value hasbecome more and more competitive, both at
the category level and at the suite level, we are very focused on making
surecustomers get every bit of value in that SKU.

So focus on deployment, increasing usage, moving resources there, some
of our investment that we've spent over thepast 6 months and looking
forward for hiring will be in those areas to make sure we are helping
customers get the mostout of that SKU. The team and in Q4 and
specifically in some of the bookings numbers, E5 was a strong point in
terms ofboth renewals and people adding E5 to their existing contract.

Raimo Lenschow

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Makes sense. Congrats.

OperatorOur next question is coming from Phil Winslow with Credit
Suisse.

Philip Alan Winslow

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congrats on a strong quarter. Amy, I just wanted to focus in on your
comments about capital spending but also justutilization within Azure,
and obviously, some of the supply chain issues you mentioned before.
What are you -- sort ofwhere utilization stands around Azure? And as you
think about sort of demand trends relative to supply chain, how are

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

you feeling about sort of where capacity stands right now? And is this
actually driving any changes in your customerbehavior, whether it be
increased focus on reserved instances, et cetera? That would be great.

Amy E. Hood

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you. Maybe let me start by talking about Q4's capital spend.
Obviously, the big driver of our growth this quarterwas in data center
spend, both new and newbuilds as well as adding capacity to existing
data centers. We are seeing,obviously, good demand signal. So hence,
we've guided to another strong spending quarter in Q1 in terms of
capital.Although it's a sequential decline, I would think about that
more as being timing. It's always -- can move around a littlebit just
based on when builds are complete or when shipments come in. We do feel
that we've gotten in a good place oncapacity on a global basis and are
focused on making sure our customers can drive the new units they need,
the newusage they need in those data centers. I don't know, Satya, if
you wanted to add on anything to that.

Satya Nadella

Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean I think that you captured it right. And it is also right
that customers are using more reserved instances. Andso that's like
essentially a price discount, right? So that's the kind of optimization
that you see. So we're growing -- thatgrowth numbers we are posting in
consumption is with all that optimization in place.

OperatorOur next question is coming from the line of Kirk Materne with
Evercore ISI.

Stewart Kirk Materne

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Amy, you noted a couple of times just seeing some weakness in more of
the small business segment. Can you just talkabout what's going on
there? Is that an opportunity for you all to go in and try to sell more
bundles and your suite? I guesshow much of a drag has that been? And do
you see it getting better or worse? So just if you could add a little
bit morecolor on that part of your business, it would be helpful.

Amy E. Hood

Executive VP & CFO

That's a great question, Kirk. I did allude to it a couple of times when
discussing Office EMS or the Azure per-user serviceas well as Windows
commercial. And of course, that is because it's all related to selling
Microsoft 365. And we did see, asI noted, some weakness in new deals,
particularly in the SMB segment outside of E5. So to your point, think
of them asSKUs are really intended, right, for that type of audience and
customer base.

And it came from a couple of things, Kirk, one of which we talked about
before is that we are -- that is primarily soldthrough partner. And so
we need to make sure we've got the best value props. We've got to make
sure the price is right,offers right and make sure that we are tuning
that value prop to what small business customers need today, which is
greatvalue, and so we'll keep executing that through partner. We're in
the middle of that transition we talked about last quarter,and we're
still working on it.

The second thing is I would also say that is a spot where you tend to
see macro weakness show itself, and we alluded tothat as well in my
comment because while I can't tell you, in particular, which part of
that is some of the partner transitionwork we're doing versus macro, it
certainly feels like both. And so that's certainly a spot that we're
watching.

I think your point around making sure we've got the right feed, which is
absolutely do more with less and that we can helpboth modernize and get
great value through the suites. But it's an important caveat to that.
And you saw the way it showsitself, as you might notice is you saw the
seat growth be a little lighter than you would have expected in the
quarter. Andthen in Q1, that shows itself as a little bit of decel in
that Office 365 growth number quarter-to-quarter.

OperatorOur final question will come from the line of Alex Zukin with
Wolfe Research.

Aleksandr J. Zukin

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

Wolfe Research, LLC

I guess I wanted to double down on the consumption commentary with
respect to Azure. Specifically, I guess, do you feelas though --
clearly, the guidance, I think, is very -- has a very confident posture.
When you think about your visibility intothose consumption dynamics, is
it that you're seeing customers optimize their spend? Are you seeing
them commit tolonger duration contracts, and therefore, you kind of
[indiscernible] the different linearity of that consumption pace?
Andthen if you think about it on a global basis, are there any different
patterns domestically versus internationally in thosemoderating project
starts or just general optimization conversations?

Amy E. Hood

Executive VP & CFO

Maybe I'll start and let Satya add. When we talked about it, what we saw
in June and through the quarter, and then aswe're thinking about Q1 is
we have seen that deceleration in consumption apply really across
customer segments. And ingeneral, it was across geos. I wouldn't point
in particular to any specific geo as showing a very different pattern
than anyother geo.

And certainly, we've not applied that logic as we look to Q1. I do think
it speaks to what Satya and I have said, which iswe see customers
continuing to optimize, whether that's -- whether it's through reserved
instance, whether it's throughexisting workloads and purchase patterns.
And I expect that to continue, which is absolutely what the guide
implies.

And it implies that these Azure commitments that we signed through the
course of the year, because it takes time for it toconvert those large
contracts until actual consumption and new project growth, as that work
gets completed both at thecustomer and with our help, you'll start to
see new projects add as the plus to the optimization that occurs. So it
doesn'treally -- I would not point to it as being different that we have
certainly seen to this point. It's just a consistent decelerationthat
we've talked about.

Brett Iversen

General Manager of Investor Relations

Thanks, Alex. That wraps up the Q&A portion of today's earnings call.
Thank you for joining us today, and we look forwardto speaking with all
of you soon.

Amy E. Hood

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you.

Satya Nadella

Chairman & CEO

Thank you, all. Thank you.

OperatorLadies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference.
Once again, we thank you for your participation, and

you may disconnect your lines at this time.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16

MICROSOFT CORPORATION FQ4 2022 EARNINGS CALL JUL 26, 2022

Copyright © 2022 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based
upon information generally available to the public and from sources
believedto be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings,
credit-related analyses and data, research, model, software or other
application or outputtherefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be
modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by
any means, or stored in adatabase or retrieval system, without the prior
written permission of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates
(collectively, S&P Global). TheContent shall not be used for any
unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party
providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties)do not guarantee the
accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P
Global Parties are not responsible for any errors oromissions,
regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the
Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&PGLOBAL PARTIES
DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THATTHE
CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL
OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARECONFIGURATION. In no event shall
S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect,
incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive,special or consequential
damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costsor losses
caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content even if
advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global
MarketIntelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and
not statements offact or recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell any
securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the
suitability of any security.S&P Global Market Intelligence may provide
index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to
an asset class represented by anindex is available through investable
instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes
no obligation to update the Contentfollowing publication in any form or
format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for
the skill, judgment and experience of the user,its management,
employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does notact as a
fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered as such. S&P
Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each
otherin order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their
respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may
have information thatis not available to other S&P Global divisions. S&P
Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the
confidentiality of certain nonpublicinformation received in connection
with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain
analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&PGlobal reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and
analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made available on
its Web sites,www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and
www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com (subscription), and
may be distributedthrough other means, including via S&P Global
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information
about our ratings fees is available
atwww.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.© 2022 S&P Global Market
Intelligence.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P
Global Inc. All Rights reserved.

spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17
